Multibrand GA updates (#4128)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/custom-url-domain/main/index.md

Okta sends your super admins a confirmation email after your custom email address is configured and operating correctly. To ensure continuous operation, Okta polls your custom email domain once every 24 hours. If a problem occurs, Okta alerts super admins by email, and Okta-generated emails are sent from the default address `noreply@okta.com` until the problem is resolved.

## Configure a custom email address

> 1. In the Admin Console, go to **Customizations** > **Emails**. (If you enabled multibrand customization, go to **Customizations** > **Brands**, and then select the brand you want. In the **Domains** tab, in the **Email** section, click **Edit** then click **Add custom emaildomain**).

Reviewer: We don't have that Edit button anymore to for `Add custom emaildomain` 

> In the **Domains** tab, in the **Email** section, click "Add Domain" 
Refer my screenshot below - 
![Screen Shot 2023-05-04 at 11 47 32 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73907674/236300392-4edbc1f2-7f3e-40a4-a832-942351148e81.png)

Author: Fixed. Thanks!

> 2. In the **Email address** field, enter the email address that you want to send the system notification emails from. This is what displays in the emails sent to your users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In the **Email address** field, enter the email address that you want to send the system notification emails from. This is displayed in the emails sent to your users.
```

Okta sends your super admins a confirmation email after your custom email address is configured and operating correctly. To ensure continuous operation, Okta polls your custom email domain once every 24 hours. If a problem occurs, Okta alerts super admins by email, and Okta-generated emails are sent from the default address `noreply@okta.com` until the problem is resolved.

## Configure a custom email address

> 1. In the Admin Console, go to **Customizations** > **Emails**. (If you enabled multibrand customization, go to **Customizations** > **Brands**, and then select the brand you want. In the **Domains** tab, in the **Email** section, click **Add domain**).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. In the Admin Console, go to **Customizations** > **Emails**. (If you enabled multibrand customization, go to **Customizations** > **Brands**, and then select the brand you want. In the **Domains** tab > **Email** section, click **Add domain**).
```

> 2. In the **Email address** field, enter the email address that you want to send the system notification emails from. This is displayed in the emails sent to your users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. In the **Email address** field, enter the email address that you want to send the system notification emails from. This email address appears in the emails sent to your users.
```
